{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a place that I hope to blog publicly about what i\'92m learning.\
\
\
September 23rd 2022\
\
Feeling decent. Worked on some math problems. I need to review my algebra rules. I\'92ll do that this weekend. Haven\'92t been sleeping well. I\'94ll be working on that hopefully soon. \
\
\
October 4th \
\
Feeling decent. Worked on some math problems. I need to review my algebra rules. I\'92ll do that this weekend. Haven\'92t been sleeping well. I\'94ll be working on that hopefully soon. \
\
October 6th\
\
At the Chino Hills library today. Its very full in here. Trying to get some work done. Applying to some colleges.  I need to get some wireless noise cancelling headphones. The library is comfortable today\
\
October 22nd\
\
Great weather today. Going to a reign game. Trying to get my life back together. Anxiety has been bad lately. i\'92m going to get help on it. \
\
October 23rd\
\
Great weather again today. Getting ramen. Hopefully I start to feel better. I did some journaling and that helped.\
\
October 24th\
\
Bought some wireless noise cancelling headphones! Which is pretty exciting. They work really well. I\'92ll be flying back to CA on thursday so i\'92ll need them. \
\
\
October 25th\
\
Ethereum class was really great today. Learned about state modifiers in solidity.  \
\
October 27th\
\
I\'92m in las vegas for the day. I got to see the James Turrell exhibit with my mom. \
\
October 29th\
\
I\'92m back home now. Doing homework and going to a friends show tonight. \
\
October 30th\
\
Subbed for a hockey team.  We lost 5-4.\
\
November 1st\
\
Working a sub job today at Magnolia. Got some coding work done. I learned about closures and how scope. I also did some math homework for my exam tomorrow. I\'92m getting poke after work. My head has been hurting. This was not a good day. Things will be better. I need to change my diet. I\'92m going to recalibrate my life. With things that are beneficial. I realized that I forgot to do hacktoberfest. That is a bummer. My life feels a bit rock bottom. I\'92m going to start a new program with metricsdao. I also started the virtual internship. \
\
November 3rd\
\
Working on homework today while subbing. Feeling pretty good.  I\'92m going to lower my carb intake significantly soon. I got stressed hearing about layoffs happening.\
\
November 5th\
\
Started eating low carbs for a few days. I feel great. \
\
\
November 6th\
\
Started eating low carbs for a few days. I feel great. \
\
\
November 7th\
\
Today I had a steak with my mom. It was delicious.\
\
November 8th\
\
Under the weather a bit today, just watching my ethereum class today on zoom. Drinking lots of vitamin C and laying in bed. Watching the election results. My eth class was pretty fun. I came to this massive realization today. I don\'92t know why I do what I do. \
\
November 9th  \
\
Under the weather a bit today, just watching my ethereum class today on zoom. Drinking lots of vitamin C and laying in bed. Watching the election results. My eth class was pretty fun. I came to this massive realization today. I don\'92t know why I do what I do. I need to figured that out. Probably quickly would be ideal.\
\
November 10th\
\
I\'92m working on calculus today. My sub job today is super chill, so i\'92m getting that done as well. I\'92m thinking of applying to law school. I am nervous of potentially being a bad lawyer. My anxiety has been pretty bad lately.  I just really need to dial down and get a sense of direction in life. Maybe a change of scenery would help me recalibrate. I kinda messed up and got a fully carb lunch and i\'92m instantly regretting that. I also don\'92t know how to feel about Sam Bankman-Fried\'92s work with this whole FTX shit show. I also looked into some law schools.\
\
November 11th\
\
Happy Veteran\'92s day! Working on math and will probably get dinner with Angelica. I\'92m going to learn rust over Christmas break. I am still hoping to be able to go to Chicago, but that is up in the Air still. \
\
November 12th\
\
Today is UFC! Also a kings game! This should be a good game. I\'92m going to write some code and push it to github tonight. It was a great fight! The underdog won!\
\
November 13th\
\
I went to the ontario reign game. They lost 3-1.I\'92m currently getting online tutoring for calculus. It is helping alot. \
\
November 22nd\
\
Today I got a new mechanical keyboard. It\'92s pretty nice and smooth. I\'92m still getting used to the functionality of it all. I kinda like how it feels but I wish that it had the command key next to it. I\'92m watching the movie stutz . Its very interesting. I\'92m getting so very useful skills from that. \
\
November 23rd\
\
Writing this very late at night. Its quiet and peaceful. I had steak and eggs today. I\'92m going to work on Math homework till the Reign game tonight. Learning u substitution. Its kind of difficult but i\'92m getting it.  I just got back and the reign won 5-1. It was a very good game. I wish I was apologized to. I\'92m finishing Statuz, which is really good.\
\
November 24th\
\
Thanksgiving! My family is coming over, which will be alot of fun. Make sure you all eat!! Happy thanksgiving.\
\
November 25th\
\
 Black friday! Who is going shopping today?! I am getting a mattress. Which is exciting.I might get some Korean BBQ tonight, which would be fun. I\'92m hoping that for my surgery I won\'92t get put to sleep. I don\'92t think that is medically necessary in this case. That\'92s what i\'92m hoping at least. I\'92m going to ask next week. I\'92ve been having alot of pain lately. Its been pretty annoying. \
\
November 26th\
\
I got to go to the reign game. That was alot of fun. \
\
November 27th \
\
I might got to the reign game today. \
\
November 30th\
\
I spoke to my doctor. He was apprehensive for me staying awake. \
\
January 2nd\
\
I had the surgery! I went to sleep and it was all okay. I\'92m having major post surgery depression though, I\'92m trying to figure out what I want to do with my life. I\'92m hoping that i\'92ll be able to accomplish something big this year. Either get in a program for school psych or something. and First commit of the year. I also started doing alchemy university and i\'92m enjoying it. I also started a one year bible. That\'92s always fun and gives me some grounding that God loves me in a hard world. I\'92ve always been sad and feeling lonely and sad that I haven\'92t accomplished what I set out to to do based on my insecurities. I need to work harder and push through those feelings to accomplish what I want to do.  I saw the whale last night. It was an amazing movie.\
\
January 3rd\
\
Keeping positive. Decided to do a little vlog type thing of how i\'92m hearing. I\'92m healing and feeling better. I had a poki bowl for lunch and a salad from Del taco for dinner. I have been eating alot healthier and i\'92m feeling alot better, which is nice. I\'92m going to watch the LA kings game later, which i\'92m excited about, which is nice. \
\
January 6th\
\
Checking back in. Started doing my book every 2 weeks project.\
\
January 11th\
\
Just read my first book. Today, I am writing more code. Working on being a better me, and making sure that everyone around me is happy and content. I want to make a difference in this world. I hope that this year allows me to be able to do that. Applying currently for hackbright academy. I hope that I get in. \
\
January 12th\
\
Starting to read my second book. The subtle art of not giving a F*ck.\
\
January 14th\
\
Into the first chapter, loving it. I need to keep eating better. Its easy to backtrack and eat tons of crap, but that\'92s not what the point of eating well is about.\
\
\
\
January 15th \
\
I want to make more friends this year. I hope that I can make more through my recovery, new groups, and hobbies. I tend to feel alone. I started listen to an audiobook from the surgeon general of the united states. I have been listening to this book and I have been enjoying it. \
\
January 16th\
\
I got the rest of my audio books. I\'92m very excited to listen to them and gain some new skills during my healing process.I\'92m enjoying the solice. I\'92m also using a poker solver and learning how to use it. I believe that God will heal me and allow me to perform my best. I have been learning Spanish everyday as well. Also, keeping up with my bible studies as well. \
\
January 17th \
\
Happy Tuesday! \
\
January 24th\
\
Its been a week since I reported with everyone who\'92s reading this. I\'92ve been learning poker going down a rabbit hole. I didn\'92t pass my math class, but i\'92ll get to that again. Life is about learning and trying your best. I have been in a deep depression lately, but I will get out of it. \
\
January 25th \
\
Today is a new day. My eyes have been having focusing problems. Idk how to fix that. I think i\'92m going to call an eye doctor and see what I can do. I have been really down lately. Its been annoying and I don\'92t know what to do. I\'92m hoping to get my life back.  I haven\'92t been able to get a chess tutor in a while. I\'92m hoping to get more lessons.\
\
January 26th\
\
Happy thursday! I\'92m finally going back to work. I\'92m watching Jordan Petersons Dragons & Demons show. \
\
January 27th\
\
TGIF!! Today I am going to eat with Angelica. I\'92m excited to get out and do something. Being at home all the time is rough. I also went to work today, which that made me happy. I hope that this will be my last weekend in a walking boot. That is very exciting. I also hope that i\'92ll get to start going to the gym soon, which is nice.\
\
January 30th\
\
Today is Monday! cue gandolf eating a graham cracker. Great day.\
\
February 1st\
\
I\'92m going to try to walk today! just a little bit of weight. I\'92m kind of scared, but we will see how it works out. I just hope that I don\'92t injure myself. I just did it. It felt wonderful.\
\
February 2nd\
\
Working at lugo as I\'92m writing this. I need to figure out my life. I\'92m so confused, I want to be able to have a home, not be homeless, and make my family proud. Got into an argument with someone at work. \
\
February 9th\
\
I\'92m excited for the weekend. Its a 3 day weekend! I made $175 playing poker! I\'92m pretty impressed with my performance if I say so myself. \
\
February 10th\
\
Just got to get through this day then a 3 day weekend! \
\
March 3rd\
\
Haven\'92t check in for a while. My ankle is feeling a lot better! Today is the first day of walking without a boot and it feels weird, but its pretty amazing also!\
\
March 4th\
\
I\'92m still getting used to walking without a boot. To be honest, its pretty weird. It kinda feels like its stiff, but without the doubt the pain is a TON less. I pray that it continues to stay this way. \
\
March 5th\
\
Walked around LA a bit today. It was fun getting used to my new ankle.\
\
March 6th\
\
Having some ankle pain today walking. The ankle is a bit sturdier which is nice, but its kinda locking up pretty bad. I hope that this gets better over time. \
\
March 7th\
\
Having more ankle pain today. I\'92m getting pretty discouraged right now :/ I\'92m praying that I have less pain \
\
March 8th\
\
I little better today. I\'92m trying to increase my exercise slowly. I also gained some weight, which i\'92m trying to lose. Its not easy, but i\'92m being optimistic and eating as well as I can (minus the pizza and chips, lol).\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}